Objects :- 

Objects, in JavaScript, is it’s most important data-type and forms the building blocks for modern JavaScript. 
These objects are quite different from JavaScript’s primitive data-types(Number, String, Boolean, null, undefined and symbol) 
in the sense that while these primitive data-types all store a single value each (depending on their types).

Objects are more complex and each object may contain any combination of these primitive data-types as well as reference data-types.
An object, is a reference data type. Variables that are assigned a reference value are given a reference or a pointer to that value. 
That reference or pointer points to the location in memory where the object is stored. The variables don’t actually store the value.

Objects in JavaScript may be defined as an unordered collection of related data, of primitive or reference types, 
in the form of “key: value” pairs. These keys can be variables or functions and are called properties and methods, 
respectively, in the context of an object.

Syntax for Object:
                  var object_name = {
                                      key1 : value1,
                                      key2 : value2,
                                      key3 : value3  
                                     };
           If value of key contains strings, then it should be given under quotes.


For Example:
            
               var obj ={
                          name : "santhosh",
                          age : 25,
                          city : "chennai" 
                         };   
 

Objects and properties
A JavaScript object has properties associated with it. A property of an object can be explained as a variable 
that is attached to the object. Object properties are basically the same as ordinary JavaScript variables, 
except for the attachment to objects. The properties of an object define the characteristics of the object. 
We access the properties of an object with a simple dot-notation and with[].

   For Example:
               
               obj.name (or)  obj[name] //santhosh
               obj.age  (or)  obj[age]  // 25